Hi All, This is the group project by Masai School. We have tried to build the clone of bathandbodyworks.com, one of the leading e-commerce website, an international company that sells personal care and beauty products.

Group Members:
Akash Kumar
Anjana Kushwaha
Myron Pereira
Shradha Mishra
Prabhat Singh
Shubham Damble
Languages Used:
HTML: 43.8%
JavaScript: 34.4%
CSS: 21.8%
Component of Website
Home Page (Landing Page) — (Handled by Myron)
Various Product Pages(Sub Pages)/Product details page — (Handled by Shradha)
Checkout Page — (Handled by Shubham)
Login/Signup Pages — (Handled by Akash)
Payment Pages — (Handled by Prabhat)
Add to Cart Page — (Handled by Anjana)
Functionality of Website:
Drop down Menu
Hover Effect
sort and filter
Using Local Storage/API for storing/retrieving data.
Carousel
Sign-in and Sign-up
Adding products to cart
payment
Navigation Bar
Header and Footer
Within a span of one week we have tried to build this website from scratch. It has main landing page which connects all sub pages including various products pages, payment page, cart pages, payment pages. For Example:

Home Page: Main landing page with all the pages connected to it with header and footer.






We have used HTML, CSS and java script to build this website along with grid and flex to minimize code writing and array of object model/API to store/retrieve data easily .

The website starts with a landing Page(Home Page) which consists of navigation bars(i.e header and footer). Header has all the options to go for subcategories and visit respective pages along search bar and sign in and and cart page button at the top. Talking about footer, it has all the links to various pages that provides information about our websites and link to various social media.

The website lets you sign-in using sign-in page, if your do not have account then it lets you to sign-up first.

After sign-in, we can add products from various product pages to cart page, in product pages we have added a functionality to sort and filter data as per high or low prices. Product page has a button which lets you add any particular product top to the cart.

Cart page has all the products you moved to cart from product page and it shows the no of items in the cart along with the total price and a proceed to payment page button.

Payment pages has all the field for card details and address details, enter all the details to move ahead with payment.

After successful payment we will get a confirmation of successful payment along with an order number

Thanks,

Team Members